---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apko Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# apko Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "apko" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `build_repositories` (List of String) Additional repositories to search for packages, only during apko build
- `default_annotations` (Map of String) Default annotations to add
- `default_archs` (List of String) Default architectures to build for
- `default_layering` (Attributes) Default image layering configuration when not specified in the config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_layering))
- `extra_keyring` (List of String) Additional keys to use for package verification
- `extra_packages` (List of String) Additional packages to install
- `extra_repositories` (List of String) Additional repositories to search for packages
- `plan_offline` (Boolean) Whether to plan offline
- `size_limits` (Attributes) Size limits for APK operations to protect against decompression bombs. A value of 0 means use the default, and a value of -1 means no limit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--size_limits))

<a id="nestedatt--default_layering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_layering`

Required:

- `budget` (Number) Budget for the maximum number of layers that can be generated
- `strategy` (String) Layering strategy, currently only 'origin' is supported


<a id="nestedatt--size_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `size_limits`

Optional:

- `apk_control_max_size` (Number) Maximum decompressed size for APK control sections in bytes (default: 10MB).
- `apk_data_max_size` (Number) Maximum decompressed size for APK data sections in bytes (default: 4GB). Protects against gzip bombs.
- `apk_index_decompressed_max_size` (Number) Maximum decompressed size for APKINDEX archives in bytes (default: 100MB). Protects against gzip bombs.
- `http_response_max_size` (Number) Maximum size for HTTP responses in bytes (default: 2GB).
